Endevor readme update (#290)
eclipse-che4z/che-che4z-lsp-for-hlasm: README.md

</div>

# HLASM Language Support
HLASM Language Support is an IDE extension that supports the High Level Assembler language. It provides code completion, highlighting and navigation features, shows mistakes in the source, retrieves  dependencies from mainframe data sets and from Endevor, and enables you to trace how the conditional assembly is evaluated with a modern debugging experience.

HLASM Language Support is part of the Che4z open-source project. Feel free to contribute at our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/eclipse-che4z/che-che4z-lsp-for-hlasm/). For project documentation, see the [wiki](https://github.com/eclipse-che4z/che-che4z-lsp-for-hlasm/wiki/). 

HLASM Language Support is also part of [Code4z](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=broadcomMFD.code4z-extension-pack), an all-round package that offers a modern experience for mainframe application developers, including extensions for language support, data editing, testing, and source code management. For an interactive overview of Code4z, see the [Code4z Developer Cockpit](https://mainframe.broadcom.com/code4z-developer-cockpit).

## Integration with Zowe Explorer and Explorer for Endevor

> We recommend that you use HLASM Language Support with [Zowe Explorer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Zowe.vscode-extension-for-zowe). Zowe Explorer enables you to open your High Level Assembler programs stored on mainframe data sets directly in VS Code. You can also integrate HLASM Language Support with [Explorer for Endevor](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=broadcomMFD.explorer-for-endevor) to retrieve your HLASM source code from Endevor locations and automatically retrieve dependencies. 

Reviewer: The integration with E4E is better/more advanced, would it make sense to mention it first?

Author: Fixed now

HLASM Language Support, Zowe Explorer and Explorer for Endevor are all available as part of the [Code4z](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=broadcomMFD.code4z-extension-pack) package.

<a href="https://www.openmainframeproject.org/all-projects/zowe/conformance"><img alt="This extension is Zowe v2 conformant" src="https://artwork.openmainframeproject.org/other/zowe-conformant/zowev2/explorer/color/zowe-conformant-zowev2-explorer-color.png" width=20% height=20% /></a>

> ## Prerequisites

Reviewer: Should this be 3rd level header?
```suggestion
### Prerequisites
```

Author: No? Prerequisites is a L2 header.

Reviewer: ok

To enable automatic dependency retrieval from Endevor, install the following:
- Endevor REST API version 2.16 or higher (PTF LU09053).

> - Explorer for Endevor version 1.70 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Explorer for Endevor version 1.7.0 or higher.
```
